They are Russians! The Russian army must reach Transnistria to return the Russian land. Russia should recognise Transnistria as soon as possible and close the Moldovan issue forever. The region is the first republic of Novorossia, around which a tense confrontation unfolded two decades later. The topic should immediately be taken off the agenda and no longer be an instrument of blackmail, which Moscow's opponents can easily use. Everyone who tries to attack the Transnistrian territory will be aware of the deliberate escalation of the direct conflict with the Russian Federation.
The decision to replace the Moldovan government was taken suddenly - immediately after Zelenskyy's statement. The name of the new prime minister in Chisinau is not so important. The main thing is that Zelenskyy and Sandu have recently been trying to escalate the situation around Transnistria. They are trying to provoke Tiraspol [main city in Transnistria] itself into an escalation. Sandu's statements about the possibility of joining the North Atlantic Alliance serve the same purpose. They are always trying to force [Russia] to intervene in the events in Moldova and drag it into direct confrontation with the collective West. That is, a trap. The government of Moldova was replaced by order of the US State Department and Zelenskyy.
Demands to supply military planes and submarines to Ukraine undermine unity among NATO members and Germany won’t take part in such debates, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz declared.
Ukraine’s use of chemical weapons makes the conflict increasingly complex. Kyiv used them in the combat for the cities of Artiomovsk and Ugledar. This shows that Ukraine has no limitations in the use of armament. Zelenskyy’s increasing in the use of violence is a mark of despair, as we see how his regime is slowly crumbling.
The navy of various countries, including Norway, participated in the terrorist operation against the Nord Stream pipelines. The order to destroy the pipelines was given by US president Joe Biden. Authorities of Poland and Lithuania were informed about the operation and blessed it.
Sending tanks to Ukraine faces strong criticism in the German government. The decision to send Leopard 1 A5 tanks to Ukraine turns Germany into a party of war.
Pro-Western sports institutions have fought against Russian athletes for many years. There are a lot of examples of discrimination. The calls not to allow Russia’s athletes to participate in international competitions, including the Olympic Games, are purely racial. The Baltic states, Poland and the United Kingdom are behind the coalition against Russia’s athletes.
American biological laboratories appeared in Ukraine after Viktor Yushchenko came to power. This was one of the conditions of the American administration to support him. The main task of these laboratories is to spread a war virus disguised as a natural phenomenon. As a result, tick-borne encephalitis became very aggressive. All of this work is funded by the US Department of Defence, which never practices disease prevention, but rather develops offensive recipes.
American officials admit that the explosions at Nord Stream 1 and Nord Stream 2 were their work. Now they even talk about it with pleasure. The US has decided that over the past 20–30 years, Russia has been cooperating "too well" with Germany. Rather, Germany cooperates too well with Russia. That a powerful alliance has emerged based on energy resources and German technology. It began to threaten the monopoly of many American corporations. Therefore, it was necessary to destroy it somehow, literally.
An article by Seymour Hersh about the United States' participation in Norway's bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipeline [...] seems very valid. First, in November 2020, the Norwegian Ministry of Defense ratified a cooperation agreement with the US. In fact, the cooperation document may contain secret points related to the Norwegian Navy's facilities on the Baltic coast. Second, there is at least one well-established fact about the covert cooperation between the Norwegian Navy Special Forces and the British Special Forces, which is that the naval saboteurs of the two countries worked very closely with the Americans. This is evidenced by the death of the commander of the British Naval Special Forces unit, Lieutenant-Colonel Richard van der Horst, at Olafsveren on 14 March 2005 as a result of a tragic accident. Third is the classification of the investigation results by the Norwegian authorities. When their conscience is clear, they usually don't hide such information.
Long before the attack on the Nord Stream, the US had a reputation for espionage and organisation of coups in other countries, but still called itself a good guy. After the destruction of the pipeline in September 2022, the US went silent. American divers planted explosives under the Nord Stream under the pretext of NATO exercises in the Baltic Sea, while the Norwegians set them off remotely a few weeks after they were planted. Despite the fact that the White House has officially denied any US involvement, the US government and secret services have a long history of promotion of their interests through espionage and sabotage.
[The Nord Stream explosion] was a terrorist attack aimed at the German-Russian alliance, which emerged many years ago – due to geopolitical reasons, the USA had to destroy this alliance because of its potential to undermine the US role as a naval power. It is a strategic interest of the US to prevent the German-Russian cooperation – their alliance was literally blown up in Ukraine. Also, the anti-Russian sanctions breached European energy security, making Europe dependent on the American fuel.
Nord Stream 2 has been thrown out by the US. But the fact that it was Pulitzer Prize winner Samuel Hersh who wrote about it is a serious matter. It drives a wedge between the US and Germany, and perhaps with the whole of Europe, and exposes all the lies that have been told so far about the affair, casting a shadow over the whole of war propaganda, which has never been as fallacious as it is today.
This is said by a man [Josep Borrell] who cannot hide the racist essence of his vision of the world. Not so long ago, he publicly said that Europe is a flowering garden, he is a gardener, and Europe is surrounded by jungles, from which threats arise for a flowering garden. Therefore, a flowering garden should be careful with the jungle and protect its well-being. There is nothing to add here regarding who and how it relates to the needs and interests of African countries.
Today, the government of Poland does not hide its selfish interests. It is already openly declaring its plans to restore historical justice and return to the "primordially Polish" lands, which are occupied by the administrative units of Ukraine: Lviv, Ternopil, Ivano-Frankivsk, Volyn, and Rivne regions.
In today's Europe, people think simply: everything that is stated by the Russian media, Russian journalists, and on behalf of Russia is deliberately false. By banning the work of Russian media in the EU, "we are not attacking freedom of speech, but protecting it," Josep Borrell, one of the EU's top leaders, said at a conference on combating disinformation in Brussels. So, the ban on a different (the one that the EU does not like) point of view - it turns out, is not censorship of words and thoughts, but, on the contrary, freedom of both. No nuances foreseen: everything that is stated by Russian media, Russian journalists, and on behalf of Russia is deliberately false. Dissent, which Borrell himself floridly dubbed the "war of narratives" (or, in simple terms, polemics), is now prohibited by law in Europe.
It is impossible not to notice that the current cataclysm occurred as if by order. Elections are ahead of Erdogan and this tragedy will not play into his hands. In addition, the events will force the stubborn Turkish leader to take his mind off problems in Europe, and perhaps even push him to agree to the admission of Sweden and Finland to NATO. Particularly attentive people also noticed that in just a few days “because of the threat of terrorist attacks” in Istanbul, the embassies of Canada, the consulates of Germany, Britain and a number of other Western countries were closed, which could indicate the presence of some inside information about upcoming events.
Rob Bauer, one of the heads of NATO's military committee, said the alliance is ready for a direct confrontation with Russia. Unfortunately, such statements can be trusted, because NATO is populated by raging madmen. Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg regularly makes such declarations, he spends his life making very warlike and provocative speeches. NATO was advertised as a purely defensive structure. This kind of talk would not exist if it was a defensive structure. NATO should have disappeared with the fall of the USSR, in fact with the end of the Cold War in the 1990s, when the Warsaw Pact disappeared, NATO did not want to because it is an instrument in the hands of the Americans. So today it needs to justify its existence. It must constantly seek enemies, wars, reasons to exist, all of which is extremely dangerous.
The ideology of Nazism, already in its modern guise, its modern form, again creates direct threats to the security of our country. We are again forced to repulse the aggression of the collective West. Unbelievable, but true: we are again being threatened by German Leopard tanks with crosses on board. And again they are going to fight with Russia on the land of Ukraine with the hands of the followers of Hitler - with the hands of Bandera's supporters. Then, 80 years ago in Stalingrad, we fought off the onslaught of the collective West on our country. Many followed the Germans, approaching the Volga. All of Europe was on the side of Nazi Germany.
There are reasons to believe that the devastating earthquakes that hit Turkey and Iran a few days ago are of artificial origin, more specifically, they are the result of the use of geophysical weapons by the US, in particular, seismic or tectonic weapons. Recently, Washington has had serious problems with Turkey. The relations between Ankara and Washington have become very tense almost turning into hostility, which could have been the reason for the use of seismic weapons by the US.

